Q- Tell me About your self?
A - Thankyou for giving me this oppertunity to introduce myself.
my name in md imroj alam , i am from bihar gaya district
currently i live in delhi
i have completed BCA from magadh university bodhgaya 2011

I am carrying 5 years of IT experience . I have 3 Years relevat expreance in AWS devops

Now I am looking for a chance to apply my technical expertize and Enhance my skills and Career
at an innovative software company.


Q- Tell me about this GAP in your resume.

A- After I finished my bACHLOR degree, I started My career As Teacher. Because I had critical Compultion behind it.I Tought Continuesly for 8 years as Home Tutor then I decided to Move In IT Sector and travel to other city's. my friend helped while acquiring new skills (linux,WEB DESIGINING). then i started my career as system admin 2019-2020. then i learened aws and devops from technical guftagu.after that i started as aws cloud admin.

Q- why do you want to work at our company
A- Sir/mam, it is a great privilege for anyone to work for reputed company like yours,
when i was reading  about your company, I found that my skills are matching with your requirement. 
Where I can show my skills to contribute the company growth.

Q- how-much-salary-do-you
A-  I'm not the right person to fix the salary, the salary deserves according to the work and the job position.


Q what-is-the-difference-between-confidence-and-over-confidence

a- Confidence is a belief on one's ability
Whereas overconfidence is an excess belief.



Q- Are you willing to relocate or travel?

A- If I get a chance to relocate definitely I am willing to relocate.
I can learn new things from new people. And I can get more experience in different places. And learn how to communicate with them.



Q- What are your goals?

A- I don't like to set goals. If I'm saying that this is my goal that means I m limiting my capability to that place only.
For me, Life is not about just setting goals, it's all about what we can do and how we will do in future.



Q- Why are you leaving your current job? / Why did you leave your previous job?

A- it's a career move. I have learned a lot from my last job, but 
now I am looking for new challenges to broaden my horizons and to gain a new skill-set.



Q- Why should we hire you?

A- "I have a good experience in (AWS,DEVOPS), and
 I think my talents will be a big contribution to the continuing pursuit of excellence of your company."

Q-Assume you are hired, then how long would you expect to work for us?

A- I will do my best for the growth of your company as long as I have the career growth, 
job satisfaction, respect and a healthy environment, then I don't need to 
change my company."


Q- What are your strengths & weakness?

A- My strength is self-confidence, positive attitude, hard work.

My weakness is: I can easily believe every one. 

Q-Would you lie for the company

A-Yes, It depends on situation.
If my lie makes positive impact then I'll lie.

Q- Tell me about a situation when your work was criticized.

A- YES, it happens many times when I try something new many people criticize but ones the task is completed successfully then the same person congratulate us for our success basically when people criticize its time to prove yourself that you are the best and you can do it.

Q- Tell me something about our company.
A- As per my knowledge your company is fast-growing, a well-reputed company in market and employee-oriented also and also your company provides lots of opportunity in future and well defined adaptable atmosphere.
